# Programming-Project-3

   In this program we are to make a program that creates a wedding for two seperate couples we would have their names and their ages and the place of the wedding. We will make a class called TestWedding. We would then create two objects for the person class and each one will be a male and a female object of the Person class. We will pass these objects from the Person calss to couple. We will need to create a object for the wedding class. With this we will need to pass couple, date of wedding, adn location through the wedding class. I will call a method named printWedding Details that will take the object of the wedding class and print it to the user. We will print the details of the wedding. We will create another object of the wedding class. Then we need to pass wedding through the new class and print the details of the wedding. In the TestWedding class there are two objects that will be instantiated in the class. With the objects being passed we are then able to print the details of the wedding with PrintweddingDetails. In the testwedding class we will set the date of birth of the male and female to start the program. The date of births will be hard coded in so there will not be changing them once the program begins. We will then instaintaite the couple object with the male and female objects of the class Person. We will then instantiate wedding with the details of the wedding (date of the wedding, couple, and the location of the wedding). We then for the first time call printdetails with wedding. We will do everything once more for the wedding2 portion of the code. The wedding2 will have the date of births and names and location for the second wedding and couple. once the second couple is done being printed out with printDetails we will then print eh names of the bride and the groom. farther down after that we will then get the date of births of the bride and groom. We will print the location and date of the wedding to end the TestWedding file. in the Person class we will have two strings and a localDate variable, we should also have three instance variables. Last in the Person class we will need to define a paremterized contructor to access the  instance variables. the instance variables in the Person class will have: first name, last name, and date of birth. The method has a constructor for the first name, date of birth and last name to be set. We start the person class with the instance variables defined all private. We use the constructor and set the first name, lasdt name, and date of birth. We end our person class with the methods of just returning the first name, last name, and the date of birth. We then procede to the third file and that is the couple class. The couple class needs two person class variables and need to define a constructor so we can access teh instance variables. The class has two person objects and the constructor will use male and female of the couple class. We start the class the same way we did the Person class by instantiating the variables private. We use the constructor to set the objects of male and female. We then end it the same way we did the person class, and that is by returning the variables. Last file of the project is the wedding class. It needs three instance variables. These will hold the Localdate, the data of couple, and the location of the weddings. We also need to define a constructor for the instance variables. We start the class the same way with the instance variables. We then use the constructor for the couple object and set the date and location. We end it by returning the variables of the class.
